# Kasprowicz-portfolio
Portfolio for CMU Telling Stories With Data class fall 2020
# About me
My name is Morgan Kasprowicz (she / her / hers), and I'm a second year Master of Arts Management student at Heinz graduating in Spring 2021. I taught music, composition, and basic audio engirneering at a STEM secondary school in Denver, Colorado before coming to Heinz. I also did a lot of work in EDI-related policy and planning for that school system.  Currently I have two internships which both well represent my career interests for my work after Heinz. First, I'm working with The League of American Orchestras supporting the administration of two grants: one for EDI work and the other for orchestral innovation projects. I'm also supporting the CEO of Greater Pittsburgh Arts Council with policy/advocacy research this year. I'm interested in how to make access to resources more equitable for artists and organizations, including reimagining grant application and reporting norms to improve equity in funding outcomes and advocating for greater government funding for the arts. I'm also interested in general leadership. I see myself moving into foundation work, policy/advocacy work (like I'm doing now), OR general leadership of arts organizations, but I'm drawn to missions and projects, not to specific positions, so what that form that will take especially as our sector is shifting rapidly is hard to say. I'm excited to get back to the field, regardless. 
# What I hope to learn
Policy / advocacy as well as grant narrative writing are both improved by accurately and skillfully telling stories with data. I've done a fair amount of research and reporting, but I imagine the skills I'll learn in this class will help me do that in a more visually compelling way. I'm looking forward to expanding my vocabulary for data visualizations. I also am terrified of anything to do with coding, so this is a great place to dip in my toes just a little bit I suppose. Do things that scare you, right? The fact that I'm on Github in and of itself is progress for this kid with a bachelors degree in music. 
# Portfolio
This is where I'll put stuff once it exists.
